Add documentation for downloading the latest builds (#301)
compnerd/swift-build: README.md

      - SDK
        - Linux
</details>

## Getting the latest build
### Stable builds
The latest stable build can be acuqired from the [releases](https://github.com/compnerd/swift-build/releases) page.
### Dev builds

> The `utilities/swift-build.py` script allows dopwnloading of the latest build artifacts. The script requires the `azure-devops` and `tabulate` python packages. This can be installed with pip:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `utilities/swift-build.py` script allows downloading of the latest build artifacts. The script requires the `azure-devops` and `tabulate` python packages. These can be installed with `pip`:
```

Author: Oops thanks for the typo correction
